doc bug in device registration policy (#21264)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/deviceregistrationpolicy-update.md

|Application|Not supported|

> When calling on behalf of a user, the user needs to belong to the following [Azure AD roles](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference):

Reviewer: Remove the list and integrate the role name into this sentence.
```suggestion
When calling on behalf of a user, the user needs the *Cloud Device Administrator* [Azure AD role](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference).
```

> + Cloud Device Administrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
